Initial text updates for v2 user guide, merging into screenshots branch (#13)
primeroIMS/PrimeroCPIMSUserGuide: UsersGuide.md

![](img/v2/case-list-intro.png)

> _Primero_ is flexible and adaptable to accommodate a broad range of protection concerns including GBV, unaccompanied and separated children, and monitoring grave violations of children’s rights in situations of armed conflict. To meet operational challenges, the application was designed to function both on- and off-line, with limited or no connectivity, and in multiple deployment configurations. A strong emphasis has been placed on security and confidentiality, with intuitive workflows designed to simplify processes while promoting good practice. Role-based access and granular security ensures that only those who need to see data will have access to it. All system transactions are time stamped, password protected and encrypted. _Primero_ has a user-friendly interface and intuitive tools, facilitating the work of field personnel while decreasing security risks and duplication. Primero functions as a Progressive Web Application (PWA), which meanssome functionality, such as basic information collection, still work when the user is offline. In addition to exports in a number of formats, Primero has a highly secure application program interface \(JSON API\), which facilitates interoperability with other systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Primero_ is flexible and adaptable to accommodate a broad range of protection concerns including GBV, unaccompanied and separated children, and monitoring grave violations of children’s rights in situations of armed conflict. To meet operational challenges, the application was designed to function both on- and off-line, with limited or no connectivity, and in multiple deployment configurations. A strong emphasis has been placed on security and confidentiality, with intuitive workflows designed to simplify processes while promoting good practice. Role-based access and granular security ensures that only those who need to see data will have access to it. All system transactions are time stamped, password protected and encrypted. _Primero_ has a user-friendly interface and intuitive tools, facilitating the work of field personnel while decreasing security risks and duplication. Primero functions as a Progressive Web Application (PWA), which means some functionality, such as basic information collection, continues to work even when the user is offline. In addition to exports in a number of formats, Primero has a highly secure application program interface \(JSON API\), which facilitates interoperability with other systems.
```

> _Primero_ is flexible and adaptable to accommodate a broad range of protection concerns including GBV, unaccompanied and separated children, and monitoring grave violations of children’s rights in situations of armed conflict. To meet operational challenges, the application was designed to function both on- and off-line, with limited or no connectivity, and in multiple deployment configurations. A strong emphasis has been placed on security and confidentiality, with intuitive workflows designed to simplify processes while promoting good practice. Role-based access and granular security ensures that only those who need to see data will have access to it. All system transactions are time stamped, password protected and encrypted. _Primero_ has a user-friendly interface and intuitive tools, facilitating the work of field personnel while decreasing security risks and duplication. Primero functions as a Progressive Web Application (PWA), which meanssome functionality, such as basic information collection, still work when the user is offline. In addition to exports in a number of formats, Primero has a highly secure application program interface \(JSON API\), which facilitates interoperability with other systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Primero_ is flexible and adaptable to accommodate a broad range of protection concerns including GBV, unaccompanied and separated children, and monitoring grave violations of children’s rights in situations of armed conflict. To meet operational challenges, the application was designed to function both on- and off-line, with limited or no connectivity, and in multiple deployment configurations. A strong emphasis has been placed on security and confidentiality, with intuitive workflows designed to simplify processes while promoting good practice. Role-based access and granular security ensures that only those who need to see data will have access to it. All system transactions are time stamped, password protected and encrypted. _Primero_ has a user-friendly interface and intuitive tools, facilitating the work of field personnel while decreasing security risks and duplication. Primero functions as a Progressive Web Application (PWA), which means some functionality, such as basic information collection, still works when the user is offline. In addition to exports in a number of formats, Primero has a highly secure application program interface \(JSON API\), which facilitates interoperability with other systems.
```

### Manager Dashboards

Below are some examples of sections which may appear in your dashboard if you are a manager.

![](img/v2/dashboard-cp-mgr-1.png)

- *Cases by Assessment Level* - See description above.
- *My Group's Cases* - This shows the total number of open and closed cases managed by all of the case workers in your team.
- *Shared with Me* - See description above. Note that, because the user in the example is not able to receive referrals, they only see information on the number of cases which other users have transferred to them, and which still have not been accepted. We will discuss referrals and transfers in a later section.
- *Shared with Others* - See description above.

![](img/v2/dashboard-cp-mgr-2.png)

- *Shared from My Team* - This is similar to the "Shared with Others" section, except that it shows how many of the cases managed by each of the case workers in your team have been transferred or referred to other users.
- *Shared with My Team* - This is similar to the "Shared with Me" section, except that it shows how many of the cases other users have referred or transferred to case workers in your team.

![](img/v2/dashboard-cp-mgr-3.png)

> - *Overdue Tasks* - For each case worker in your team, this section shows how many cases have a task which is past its due date. This is broken down by the four type of task: Assessment, Case Plan, Service, and Follow Up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *Overdue Tasks* - This section shows how many of your team's cases have tasks past their due dates. This is broken down by case worker and by the four types of tasks: Assessment, Case Plan, Service, and Follow Up.
```

![](img/v2/dashboard-cp-mgr-4.png)

- *Workflow - Team Cases* - For each case worker in your team, this section shows how many cases are at each stage of the case management workflow. Please note that different implementations may use different specific workflow stages.

### Admin Dashboards

The below image gives an example of the sections you may see in your dashboard if you are an administrator.

![](img/v2/dashboard-cp-admin.png)

- *Cases by Location* - This table shows the number of cases registered in each location. For each location, the table also shows:

> 	- "Open Cases" - Total number of open cases registered in this location

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	- "Open Cases" - Total number of open cases registered in this location.
```

TODO Screenshot

Note that each Primero configuration may have different names for the fields which set and complete Tasks. Below is a list of the fields used for each type of Task action in the Primero default configuration.

- Assessment
	- Due Date: "Date Assessment Due" on the "Basic Identity" form.
	- Complete: "Assessment requested on" on the "Assessment" form.
![](img/v2/assessment-due.png)

- Case Plan
	- Due Date: "Date Case Plan Due" on the "Assessment" form.
	- Complete: "Date Case Plan Initiated" on the "Case Plan" form.
![](img/v2/case-plan-due.png)

- Service:
	- Due Date: "Implementation Timeframe" on the "Services" subform.
		- NOTE: Each Service subform entry will generate its own Task.
		- NOTE: "Implementation Timeframe" is a dropdown, not a date field. In some configurations, the "Appointment Date" field is used to set the Task due date instead.
	- Complete: "Service Implemented On"

![](img/v2/services-due.png)

- Follow Up:

> 	- Due Date: "Follow up needed by" on the Follow Up subform

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	- Due Date: "Follow up needed by" on the Follow Up subform.
```

# Filtering

On the right side of all of the record list pages, you will see the **Filters Panel**. Filtering is an efficient way to find the record or records that need your immediate attention.

![](img/v2/filter-cases-cp.png)

The most-commonly-used filters are always visible at the top of the Filters Panel. To expose more specific filters, click the "More" button below the panel. To re-hide these, click "Less".

> Once you have set one or more filters, click the "Apply" button at the top of the Filters panel to update your list results. To clear the filters you had selected, click the "Clear" button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have set one or more filters, click the "Apply" button at the top of the Filters panel to update your list results. To clear the filters you have selected, click the "Clear" button.
```

> You can also save a set of filters for later use by clicking the "Save" button at the top of the Filters Panel. You will now see the modal pictured below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also save a set of filters for later use by clicking the "Save" button at the top of the Filters Panel. This opens the modal pictured below.
```

![](img/v2/filter-save.png)

Enter a name for your new saved search and click "Save". Once the search has finished saving, click on the "Saved Searches" tab at the top of the filters panel.

![](img/v2/filter-saved-list.png)

> Here, you see the search you had saved earlier. Click on the saved search to apply the filters you had saved. To delete a saved search, you can click on the trash can button next to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, you can find the search you had saved earlier. Click on the saved search to apply the filters that were saved. To delete a saved search, you can click on the trash can button next to it.
```

# Flagging

> The **Flags** button allows a case worker or manager to leave a message or "Flag" on a record. Usually, this is a reminder to other users that they need to perform an action (example: reminding a case worker to perform an assessment or reminding a manager to approve the Case Plan).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Flags** button allows a case worker or manager to leave a message or a "Flag" on a record. Usually, this is a reminder to other users that they need to perform an action (example: reminding a case worker to perform an assessment or reminding a manager to approve the Case Plan).
```

TODO Screenshots

# Close / Reopen

The **Close / Reopen** action allows you to change a Case's "Case Status" field. Only certain users have the ability to perform this action.

When a Case is open, this action appears as **Close** in the Actions menu. Clicking this action will change the Case Status field to "Closed", and the Workflow Status to "Closed". NOTE: Once a Case is closed, it will not appear by default on the Case List page. For information on how to find closed Cases, please see the [Filtering](UsersGuide#filtering) section.

When a Case is closed, the action appears as **Reopen** in the Actions menu. clicking this action will change the Case Status field to "Open" and set the "Case Reopened?" field on the Basic Identity form. It will also set the Case's Workflow Status to "Reopened".

![](/img/v2/reopen-case.png)

# Approvals

## Requesting Approval for a Form

Case workers can request a manager's approval on the following Case forms:

- Assessment
- Case Plan
- Closure

> **NOTE**: Based on your Primero implementation's configuration, only some of these forms may have approvals enabled. If you have questions about which approvals are enabled in your configuration, pleae contact your system administrator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: Based on your Primero implementation's configuration, only some of these forms may have approvals enabled. If you have questions about which approvals are enabled in your configuration, please contact your system administrator.
```

To request approval for one of these forms, click the **Request Approval** action in the Actions menu.

![](/img/v2/approval-button-cw.png)

The below modal will appear. Select the form for which you would like to request approval, then click "OK." In the example here, the user has selected approval for the Case Plan form.

![](/img/v2/approval-request-cw.png)

> Once you have requested approval, you will notice that an alert appears on the link corresponding form on your Case's Form Navigation Menu (in our example, this would be the "Case Plan" form). Click into this form. Note that there is an alert message at the top of the form. Also, note that the "Approval Status" field is set to "Pending." This means that you are still waiting for your manager to either approve or reject the form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have requested approval, you will notice that an alert appears on the link to the corresponding form on your Case's Form Navigation Menu (in our example, this would be the "Case Plan" form). Click into this form. Note that there is an alert message at the top of the form. Also, note that the "Approval Status" field is set to "Pending." This means that you are still waiting for your manager to either approve or reject the form.
```

![](/img/v2/dashboard-cp-cw-approvals-focus.png)

## Approving or Rejecting a Form

Managers will also have the ability to approve or reject certain Case forms. Once again, these are:

- Assessment
- Case Plan
- Closure

A manager can check for pending approvals in the "Approvals" section of their dashboard.

![](/img/v2/dashboard-cp-mgr-1-approvals-focus.png)

The numbers here represent the number of Cases with pending approvals for each approvable form.

Using our previous example, if a manager clicks on the number for "Case Plan," they will arrive at a list of Cases with pending Case Plan approval requests. Clicking into one of these Cases, they will see an alert on the Case Plan form in the Form Navigation Menu. The manager can then click into the Case Plan form, read through the Case Plan that the case worker has recorded, and decide whether to approve or reject it.

To approve or reject the Case Plan, the manager clicks the **Approvals** action in the Action Menu.

![](/img/v2/approval-button-mgr.png)

> In the modal that appears, the manager can select "Approve" to approve the Case Plan, or "Not Approve" to reject it. Note that the manager can also use the "The form for" dropdown to select a different form to approve. The manager can also leave a comment about their decision to approve or reject the form. This will appear both on the approved / rejected form and in the Approvals form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the modal that appears, the manager can select "Approve" to approve the Case Plan, or "Not Approve" to reject it. Note that the manager can also use the "The form for" dropdown to select a different form to approve. The manager can also leave a comment on their decision, which will appear both on the approved / rejected form and in the Approvals form.
```

![](/img/v2/notes-view-cw.png)

# Searching for Records

![](/img/v2/case-list-view-search-focus.png)

On all of the record list pages, you will find a search bar at the top right of the page. When you perform a search, Primero compares your query against the following fields for each record type:
- **Cases**: “Long ID,” “Case ID,” “proGres ID,” “Name,” “Nickname,” “Other Name,” “Ration Card Number,” “ICRC Ref No.,” “RC ID No.,” “UNHCR ID,” “UN Number,” “National ID Number,” “Number of Other ID Document,” and “Other Agency ID.”
- **Incidents**: "Long ID," "Incident Code," "Account of Incident," "Survivor Code", and "Incident ID IR."
- **Tracing Requests**: “Long ID,” “Inquirer ID,” “Name of inquirer,” and “Nickname of inquirer.”

> **Note**: You can search and filter the record liats at the same time (example: Search for Cases with the name "Smith" while filtering for only Male Cases with a Risk Level of "High").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: You can search and filter the record lists at the same time (example: Search for Cases with the name "Smith" while filtering for only Male Cases with a Risk Level of "High").
```
